feat(forms): add InputGroup component (#1460)
contentful/forma-36: packages/components/forms/src/input-group/InputGroup.mdx

---
title: 'InputGroup'
type: 'component'
status: 'stable'
slug: /components/input-group/
github: 'https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/tree/master/packages/components/forms/src/input-group'
storybook: 'https://f36-storybook.contentful.com/?path=/story/form-elements-inputgroup--basic'
typescript: ./InputGroup.tsx
---

> `InputGroup` enables lets user set a button at the start or end of a input, being able to have a spacing or be collapsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`InputGroup` enables the user to set a button at the start or end of an input, with some spacing or collapsed.
```

Reviewer: I'm suggesting just some typo fixes and I also rephrased the second sentence a bit

## Table of contents

- [Code examples](#code-examples)
- [Accessibility](#accessibility)
- [Props](#props)

## Code examples

Example of usage:

```jsx
// import { LockIcon } from '@contentful/f36-icons';
// import { IconButton } from '@contentful/f36-button';

> // import { InputGroup, Input } from '@contentful/f36-forms';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// import { InputGroup, TextInput } from '@contentful/f36-forms';
```

<InputGroup>
  <TextInput
    aria-label="some-label"
    id="TextInput1"
    defaultValue="Some value"
  />
  <IconButton variant="secondary" icon={<LockIcon />} aria-label="Lock" />
</InputGroup>
```

Example of spaced `InputGroup`.

```jsx
// import { LockIcon } from '@contentful/f36-icons';
// import { IconButton } from '@contentful/f36-button';

> // import { InputGroup, Input } from '@contentful/f36-forms';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// import { InputGroup, TextInput } from '@contentful/f36-forms';
```
